tonight from Chicago it's the 40th
edition of an acrimonious mls eastern
conference rivalry for timely champion
DC United with Dwayne De Rosario and
Charlie Davies possessed the league's
best one to scoring punch for the fire
they've entrusted new signing and former
Mexican international Pavel Pardo to get
them back into the playoff picture a lot
of his all to this team so far stop the
bleeding but gutsy any and poplars and
here are two changes to the starting
lineups winning team last week Stephen
King comes in for simple John constantly
looking to go through a process of
learning from game to game but their
team right now do you see United finding
their warm and healthy black and red
Connie's theros aria
dorrough flying down the right side
Dominic fires critical five hold no dice
there's a speed has talked about adorno
he always shows that one thing that's
always been kind of a question mark with
him is to craft at the end of his runs
but here he does very well he cuts
through gets a bit of a luck in friend
of McDonald's former San Jose gets a
strike on our meet again that's me that
breakout you can't teach it it's there
DC United has to keep an eye on it team
in the east on the road for three and
three away from RFK Stadium yakovitch I
love the way he steps up there and very
determined trying to getting that ball
off his feet look at this ball here 40
down the left side all alone in the box
two wonderful early chances for odor Oh
denied the first time Diomede the second
by the metal on the coop fallen behind
the horn taken down ec United getting
caught there in the transition Rob
really quickly Yaakov has stepped up the
ball was turned over but then it in the
back line there McDonald all getting
caught out kind of looking for the ball
here can I see any fighting for this
watch is falling behind great stuff
hairy kitchen gets caught standing in
middle of nowhere see two players for
the fire Guatemalan will strike it from
this distance it would be awfully tough
though to get it by the big bill ami
big man can fly
what an excellent strike though Marco
Papa is he lines this one up he brings
the best side of Villa me and he tests
him on the goalkeepers side this is
excellent look at a bend on that ball
very well done
welcome the city of angels and a went
back on yesterday's FC barcelona real
madrid contest that was full of action
on and off the field bianca
Oh 434 dominant
well what can I say Patrick Nyako does
such a great job I mean the ball is
almost like a bit out of control for him
he readjusts his own body cuts back
against himself the other balls bouncing
he wants to take it forward but watch
this ball he plays it in behind
technique is the problem why are you
reaching with the outside of your right
foot this is a ball you just come across
left footed and slot it bang looking for
one player to open up the game and
change it created some opportunities
tonight Chicago Fire this first 45 don't
ball in the back internet for them at
home
the in-home has been an issue for the
fire just one victory here at toyota
park and an injury on the kick and on me
clutching what appears to be his
hamstring in the word from the fire that
they will tap with her head coaching
vacancy at the end of this regular
season Nyako chief just went along down
the left side
well you see being tested right there
Steve groaning can't do much with that
technical ability of this gresini what a
fantastic strike on the back post but
it's all Patrick Nyako the will the
determination to keep that play alive he
turned on yakovitch he got the challenge
in yakovitch but he couldn't keep him
off balance and look at Patrick Nyarko
cuts back on his favorite right and this
one deflects to the back post not
cleared all the way by DC United what a
great technical finish keeping it low
past Cronin he gets a hand on it but
really not enough to keep it out and
that's what they're looking for a
Chicago Fire all the chances in the
first half they created and now the
finish that they were looking for they
go one nail up here against DC united in
this second half on to make that Pontius
spin the har on the right
back here fine speranza looking for De
Rosario
Connie bother closing down
wolf Quran top whoops onside the fire
off the crossbar and in
it wasn't too long ago the folks in
Chicago would scream and delight when
that man scored it not so tonight a
cracker from wolf in the 73rd how many
times you see an opportunity when a
player who plays against his former club
the emotion here is he all side I was at
balls played yeah it looks like he is
assistant referee maybe did not get that
but you saw Annie Baba step back to when
the ball was played
difference same with Josh wolf the subs
the second half
give away here from sea goddess as he
tries to step up and win it early Iran
has been very active since coming in off
the bench as an assist
girl gets a lost his footing or girl
gets it back papa
papa
what about efforts from Marco pablo is
cutting across the grain here bullard
going to step to the ball and just tries
to catch thrown into the floor post XD
throwing had it covered anyway
and that is all she wrote the Chicago
Fire go in the league record books with
their 15 draw of the season a new MLS
record as Ben Olsen and Frank Klopas
embrace your final from Chicago 11